lib/src/gpu/README.md, before:


# Development

---
## Project Setup

In IOS and MacOS, set `FLTEnableFlutterGPU` to true in the Info.plist

```
    <key>FLTEnableImpeller</key>
    <true/>
    <key>FLTEnableFlutterGPU</key>
    <true/>
```

On Android, set `io.flutter.embedding.android.EnableFlutterGPU` to true in metadata (where?)

## Building Shaders

To build shaders:

```
flutter clean && flutter pub get
cd example && flutter run
```

# Features

---
## Background
 - done
   - color

## Fill
 - done
   - color
   - outlines

## Line
 - done
   - caps + joins
   - thickness
   - variable thickness
 - todo
   - verify that dashed lines look correct

## Raster
 - todo
   - needs fixing, currently doesn't draw at all
 
## Symbol
 - done
   - text size
   - point/line alignment
   - rotation alignment
   - variable size
  - todo
   - different fonts
   - batching optimizations
   - concurrent pre-render optimizations
   - dynamic char code range
   - non-text symbols
   - correct halo radius
   - overlap prevention (text collision)
   - text optimizations (eg. street -> st)
   - Line text follows line closely instead of rotating entire text feature to average angle of line
   - Sdf "softness" adjusted for text size (fix fuzzy text with large text size)
   - Respect anchor from theme

## Fill Extrusion
 - todo
   - all

## Other To Do's
 - Ordered layers (currently only background, line, and fill layers are ordered correctly)

Commit message:

add Flutter version instructions to GPU readme

lib/src/gpu/README.md, after:


# Development

## Flutter Version

Generally we try to follow the flutter main channel, however occasionally Flutter can have changes that break the renderer in unexpected ways.


The last known working version of Flutter:

```sh
cd ~/development/flutter
git checkout  29a2f674ca2312e34a3ef796701c297dc3be1ae6
flutter doctor
flutter precache
```

Once Flutter has stabilized, we should be able to do this:

```sh
flutter channel main && flutter upgrade
```

## Project Setup

In IOS and MacOS, set `FLTEnableFlutterGPU` to true in the Info.plist

```xml
    <key>FLTEnableImpeller</key>
    <true/>
    <key>FLTEnableFlutterGPU</key>
    <true/>
```

On Android, set `io.flutter.embedding.android.EnableFlutterGPU` to true in metadata (where?)

## Building Shaders

To build shaders:

```sh
flutter clean && flutter pub get
cd example && flutter run
```

# Features

---
## Background
 - done
   - color

## Fill
 - done
   - color
   - outlines

## Line
 - done
   - caps + joins
   - thickness
   - variable thickness
 - todo
   - verify that dashed lines look correct

## Raster
 - todo
   - needs fixing, currently doesn't draw at all
 
## Symbol
 - done
   - text size
   - point/line alignment
   - rotation alignment
   - variable size
  - todo
   - different fonts
   - batching optimizations
   - concurrent pre-render optimizations
   - dynamic char code range
   - non-text symbols
   - correct halo radius
   - overlap prevention (text collision)
   - text optimizations (eg. street -> st)
   - Line text follows line closely instead of rotating entire text feature to average angle of line
   - Sdf "softness" adjusted for text size (fix fuzzy text with large text size)
   - Respect anchor from theme

## Fill Extrusion
 - todo
   - all

## Other To Do's
 - Ordered layers (currently only background, line, and fill layers are ordered correctly)
